DOC-1809/changelog (#655)
swan-io/docs: changelog/2026/2026-06-18.mdx

---
title: 18 June 2026
type: release
---

## Improvements

> 🔗 You can now control [public onboarding links](/topics/onboarding/#links) separately for creating and updating accounts. If you already have public links enabled, both are on by default — adjust them anytime in your Dashboard under **Onboarding** > **Public Links**.

Reviewer: Is enabled the status? or is it more that they've toggled it on?

> 🔗 You can now control [public onboarding links](/topics/onboarding/#links) separately for creating and updating accounts. If you already have public links enabled, both are on by default — adjust them anytime in your Dashboard under **Onboarding** > **Public Links**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🔗 You can now control [public onboarding links](/topics/onboarding/#links) separately for creating and updating accounts. If you already have public links enabled, both are on by default — adjust them anytime in your Dashboard under **Onboarding** > **Public links**.
```

Here's the Figma if you want to see the UI: https://www.figma.com/design/xRIbs8ORed8B3cCGPyNFj6/Onboarding-URLs---UX-writing?node-id=14-2&t=tp8kGskbB2Bjb4u2-1

> 🔄 All accounts closed before April 2, 2026 now use the [2026 closure reason codes](/topics/accounts/closure/#closure-reason-codes). Your whole portfolio is consistent, so you can run data analysis across your full history.

Reviewer: What do we mean by "portfolio" here? The project?

🔄 All capital deposits canceled before April 2, 2026 now use the [2026 cancelation reason codes](/topics/capital-deposits/#cancelation-reason-codes). As with closures, your whole portfolio is consistent, so you can run data analysis across your full history.

> 📩 You can now see how your onboarding and Know Your Customer (KYC) email notifications are configured, from your Dashboard under **Settings** > **Notifications**. No need to contact Swan just to check your setup. The following notifications are now visible:

Reviewer: This isn't quite right - it says no need to contact swan - but then further down a couple of them require contacting swan. 

Remove this sentence.

> - **Your account terms and conditions** — always on, and can't be deactivated or edited for compliance reasons.

Reviewer: The logic isn't consistent here i.e. 

Type of notification - status (on or off) - what to do if you want to change it. 

Update the rest so it follows. i.e. 

First transfer - (what's the default? turned on?) - contact Swan to change it. 

"View your current setup" doesn't really add any value since we already say up top that you can check it yourself.

- **First transfer** — view your current setup; contact Swan to change it.
- **Request supporting documents** — view your current setup; contact Swan to change it.
- **Request supporting documents reminders** — view your current setup; contact Swan to change it.

> 🔍 You can now filter [virtual IBANs](/topics/accounts/ibans/#virtual) by status — `Enabled` or `Canceled` — with the `status` filter on [`virtualIbanEntries`](https://api-reference.swan.io/objects/virtual-ibanentry-connection/) in the [`account`](https://api-reference.swan.io/queries/account/) query. This makes it easy to surface only `Enabled` IBANs, even when an account has many of them.

Reviewer: Even when an account has many what exactly? IBANS? statuses?

> 📋 You can now create a [capital deposit](/topics/capital-deposits/) case for companies whose legal name is longer than 100 characters. The limit on the `companyName`, `accountName`, and `name` fields rises from 100 to 255 characters, matching standard French registry formats. No changes needed on your end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
📋 You can now create a [capital deposit](/topics/capital-deposits/) case for companies whose legal name is longer than 100 characters. The limit on the `companyName`, `accountName`, and `name` fields has increased to 255 characters (previously 100), matching standard French registry formats. No changes needed on your end.
```

Slightly stronger.

> 🔄 The conditions for an account to move from `Closing` to `Closed` status are changing in two ways:

Reviewer: Suggest make this more clear - its hard to see where the impact is. 

e.g. 

The conditions for an account to move from Closing to Closed are changing. Before an account can close, all of the following must be true:
- The account balance is zero.
- At least 30 days have passed since the last outgoing [SEPA Credit Transfer](chrome-extension://fnkfcndbgingjcbdhaofkcnhcjpljhdn/topics/payments/credit-transfers/sepa/) (previously 5 days).
- No incoming or outgoing transaction has Upcoming or Pending status, for any payment type. (new)

Because of these changes, accounts may stay in Closing status longer than before. If your integration tracks closure timing, adjust your expectations accordingly.

- The window for the last outgoing [SEPA Credit Transfer](/topics/payments/credit-transfers/sepa/) grows from 5 to 30 days.
- A new condition applies: no incoming or outgoing transaction can be in `Upcoming` or `Pending` status, for any payment type.

All other conditions stay the same, so accounts may sit in `Closing` status longer than before.

> 🔄 Incoming credit transfers to a `Closing` account are now accepted when the booked balance is negative. This helps settle outstanding debts before the account fully closes. Transfers to `Closing` accounts with a zero or positive balance are still returned, as before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🔄 Incoming credit transfers to a `Closing` account are now accepted when the booked balance is negative. This helps settle outstanding debts before the account is `Closed`. Transfers to `Closing` accounts with a zero or positive balance are still returned, as before.
```

Reviewer: Also - returned where? To the sender? Add the qualification for clarity.

## API updates

### Upcoming breaking changes

> ⚠️ The `DormantAccount` closure reason is **deprecated**. [`Inactivity`](https://api-reference.swan.io/enums/close-account-reason-type/) replaces it, with the description: "Prolonged inactivity according to local regulatory definitions or internal policy." All accounts that previously used `DormantAccount` are now migrated to `Inactivity`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ The `DormantAccount` closure reason is **deprecated**. [`Inactivity`](https://api-reference.swan.io/enums/close-account-reason-type/) replaces it, with the description: "Prolonged inactivity according to local regulatory definitions or internal policy." All accounts that previously used the `DormantAccount` closure reason are now using `Inactivity`.
```

> If your integration filters, displays, or processes closure reasons by code, update it to handle `Inactivity` and remove any reference to `DormantAccount`. See the [updated closure reason codes](/topics/accounts/closure/#closure-reason-codes) and [deprecated reason codes](/topics/accounts/closure/#deprecated-reasons) for the full mapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your integration filters, displays, or processes closure reasons by code, update it to handle the new code `Inactivity` and remove any reference to `DormantAccount`. See the [updated closure reason codes](/topics/accounts/closure/#closure-reason-codes) and [deprecated reason codes](/topics/accounts/closure/#deprecated-reasons) for the full mapping.
```
